iabbrev ansible Ansible
iabbrev backuppc BackupPC
iabbrev dmz DMZ
iabbrev frrouting FRRouting
iabbrev gitlab Gitlab
iabbrev grafana Grafana
iabbrev haproxy HAProxy
iabbrev hashicorp Hashicorp
iabbrev keepalived Keepalived
iabbrev kvm KVM
iabbrev ldap LDAP
iabbrev mesos Mesos
iabbrev mikrotik Mikrotik
iabbrev mqtt MQTT
iabbrev nextcloud Nextcloud
iabbrev openvpn OpenVPN
iabbrev ospf OSPF
iabbrev postgres PostgreSQL
iabbrev reactjs ReactJS
iabbrev roundcube Roundcube
iabbrev rundeck Rundeck
iabbrev scaleway Scaleway
iabbrev shorewall ShoreWall
iabbrev sqlite SQLite
iabbrev synology Synology
iabbrev unifi Unifi
iabbrev vrrp VRRP
iabbrev wds WDS
iabbrev wireguard Wireguard
iabbrev wordpress Wordpress
iabbrev zabbix Zabbix
